I'm sorry I'm getting word right now
you'll get the cigarette out getting
that AJ AJ Styles he's the one who's got
this huge announcement about Destination
X really let's find out what it is
you guys know we are three weeks away
from one of the most exciting
pay-per-views of the year
I mean we got guys jogging in the back
just to be a part of it
why because of the first time the first
time Destination X will be an all
exhibition pay-per-view
so with that being said um to whom it
may concern whether it's eric bischoff
whole Cogan
the network if we're having an all
x-division pay-per-view AJ Styles is
coming back home to the X Division at
Destination X before that's pretty big
right there back to his roots
[Applause]
you know what I'm looking around and and
I get it I get what we're doing here
it's it's all traditional with the four
sides and all but I don't know
[Music]
I mean for one night only maybe we bring
back the six-sided ring yeah yeah
distillation ass
now look I don't mean to Pat myself in
the back but I take great pride in the
exhibition always have because I was the
first X Division champion nobody can
take that away from me but there were
other guys that put their bodies on the
line I mean we had guys like elix
skipper kid kash loki jerry lynn i mean
these guys are responsible for the most
amazing and exciting movement
[Applause]
just as aj running down the list of the
X Division pioneers
by a four-time X Division champion
himself Samoa
the excavation starting back in 2005
just like that year and a half winning
streak that he had now believe it or not
AJ I didn't come out here to disagree
with you you're absolutely right
we as well as all these fans have a lot
to be excited about when it comes to
Destination X and you know what AJ
you're right
if I had to name one man who pioneered
what it means to be in the X Division
that man is you
but there is one cold hard fact that
you're forgetting and that's that the X
Division wasn't hot until Samoa Joe got
[Applause]
in fact dare I say AJ the x-division
wasn't taken very seriously but you see
when I got here I ran roughshod through
every x-division rest of their was
yourself included and you know what AJ
at the end of the day you know what
happened the X Division went from being
a feature to headlining pay-per-view
where it belongs
you see AJ you may be the heart of the X
Division but Samoa Joe gave the X
Division its balls
but AJ I didn't I didn't come out here
to start something you see I came out
here to give you a suggestion you're
right it's Destination X it's the X
Division and I can't think of a better
match to headline that pay-per-view
[Applause]
of greatest x-division wrestlers ever
you've got to reserve a spot on that
list for Christopher Daniels milk hi
time
champ which
et styles closest friend both members of
fortune and Jas
now guys if there's going to be a
discussion about the match that
headlines destination X I think it's
only fair that I join in that all right
I mean let's be honest when we talk
about the X Division the superior
athletes of this company the same names
keep coming up in the discussion am i
right so destination acts three weeks
away I say we give these fans what they
want let's give them the match they want
to see one more time
so at Destination X let's give them AJ
Styles Christopher Daniels one on one
[Applause]
seriously seriously AJ think about it
think about what this company stands for
we come out here every week and we tell
the world that wrestling matters what
better way to prove that point than to
put two of the brightest stars in
professional wrestling in this ring
face-to-face
where do you say AJ are you in sure I'm
sure let's do this come on are you in
destination X let's do it he's in Wow
AJ Styles vs. Christopher Daniels two
members of fortune head-to-head at
destination